source of uncertainty
the tenth Caribbean municipality
the ministry of health
the leader the health institute
is working with me
15th to be able to put together a small
by target groups a class project was unharmed
the idea is basically to develop
your liquidity in monza illustrates trying to position
strawberry producers the funky of simoca the rural stays market
from the area
the young man who added
very special because
When the area rains the roads there is no other vehicle that
that traps us when transporting
in this last to leave is no longer that we are not left
we give everything in car not
It is impossible to go out or enter
for us today has something very important
the agent of 100 soles
and in this because we are nothing
and that the expression
the work element
the means of transport in marriage
for the areas that are best suited to the 3d nooo at
our needs that are the small producers
all of us
with sporting it's cheaper
it adapts best actress all this
economic maha heir ahmadi ideal for us
that sense we are doing is the work plan
Rod does a little market research
where can you
what are the potential market of
the expulsion of ximo another demand what are the characteristics of the
same
ii and so by the way also that keep this tradition
the job that generates the activity
In addition to these workshops, work very agile
keeping the tradition
in making the latest that a tradition that is coming
transmitting from generation to generation
teledonosti 7 my old
if the same crimes did not seem
from another 40 50 years left its end
Like us for it cc
twenty years the same line that his
intention to join
we followed practically something smaller also formally from
the 15th minute
and took the win at 10 30 when the detachment the same
after exercising it
all this process and that it was decided that this cante balance this gap of more
openwork
up to hand
easel
we do it all
the wood as a protest before the seat of a fedex st cup
the bed of the European Cup of good form
we are all
the letter
has in the past scenario
josé de jesús zenil
michelle obama has already passed these days
in this line the official
of jacarandas de l'estany object of mothers
the cdc this model is
zubieta lgl aspects
the rods
He devised this cel partners in the reason
on the other hand the box
this part calls him Álvaro navarro
the two sides part of the people
this has been the third cancer
courteous Caesar Kings also track to follow
these three people all
three people of good
all the village Oltra will raise profile
azerbaijan libya lucas
this is an experience
if you close seven
Most growers want to market
to unifique are currently and estimated that this is a place very soon
in his visit the tradition of the sun a very attracted text
but also
these producers
has the experience of having sold 1 to different clinical rooms
Some of the places in the country mention some orders they have made of the
abroad also some people who have come to visit
percent surely some very punk cases and that have been
used
manufactured in his workshop and used to later found a type of movies
or some very particular artistic entity
and there is in the diligence for a model that I bring from the state since
the telethon almenara great body beauty
musical comedy was it from the defense on August 28 would be by the
production the tdt law
avaya the position of leader of the majority in the an fiba law is allowed and
June will try to put together people from outside
miller hoteliers strong demand emerged France
australia but after the police sent to buenos aires
up to high
he has never been this act in Cordoba three last until the
president of the city
has an ankle of degree of contempt for the public to
9% let's take recast adopted old
stupidly moon favorite clear to what of four wheels the first case
4 that if we said that luismi copa
this together with doctor eduardo castillo in catamarca
we made today Saturday in saint rosarinos
for catalá bolivia
tartagal
that way already
Matthew
as well as having stopped
Nativity scene catamarca
and they took him for an internet voice h
but in the case of trains delinquent in flight mode
finish